I did not know what to do with the scene with the citroën revolt at
paris the mercedes halak class is to excite zebrette character the
nobody the ford focus rs 500
5 before starting a diary who announced the passage under penalty
to receive from volvo
if the first private builder of the middle worsened has signed a contract
$ 8 billion
the definitive repurchase of the Swedish mark hitherto held by
US
the biggest acquisition ever made abroad by a
Swedish car manufacturer
tunis time of concept cars that do not roll more and more often the
builders find that their futuristic racing car are not just workshops
demonstration taped about air
with citroen who last Friday chooses to be invited paris axa
revolt
delajoux had operated a candlestick through the concorde the prototype
neo-retro propose a shock duel will have left some steps
to animate the finds this right citroën chose to couple to a
thermal engine is a power block for the crop and fed introduced
the overshoot pointed out manifest she will leave the urban driving
his gatekeeper and although the species is endangered well surprised in
this Tuesday several culinary blogs photos of the new family minivan from
star builder
it comes finally body after the launch of the model and which should
presumably be formalized on the occasion of the opening of the doors of the
car show the best candidates of this ad for him no
weakness was impressed by provale the bonnet diving and the fine
grille the designers were inspired classes and gignac and one
also observes a more aggressive front face the lightened reversibility
profiling more details should reach us shortly
it is true the most powerful diesel v6 will not do more and 224 the 265
horses to be confirmed
sixty calices are also going to be very unwelcome accept the fate of the
war this is the break version of the superstar that had already
drawn by the cabinet listen the arrival of the bixi of 556 horses
under the most powerful hood that the key a star of the brand goes hand in hand
with a more aggressive look
at morgenstern also reworked the atmosphere with particular emphasis
on coverings we have the Arab camp
the production of the a7 it is true that will start at the end of the year it will be
initially marketed in the United States before landing on the
dorothée market
think about lack of sensations with the 305 horses and the focus rs opt for the
vitamin cia
for the time being not the visuals of limited editions the only ones to my
taste this winter in the pool besides the quality of lighting systems
The room of
m
three white tents
the retired admiral after passing
attached by phone
in the red
more aggressive to follow but it's not easy